welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the Razer DeathAdder 2013 edition now
something I noticed about the Death
Adder 2013 is that it doesn't say 2013
anywhere on the box at all in fact the
only hint that this isn't a normal death
adder other than the packaging change
and if you look really closely at the
specs is razors marketing blurb here
where they say how did we improve on
perfection and very carefully we didn't
want to fix anything that wasn't broken
and so we literally didn't change
anything okay
we focused instead on enhancing and
optimizing the Death Adder utilizing
next-generation technologies and further
economics week's ok so did they not
change anything did they change stuff
they did change stuff so let's go ahead
and get this baby opened up they went
from a 3.5 g-sensor to a 4 G sensor so
they've increased the effective dpi and
while the DeathAdder has been and still
is an optical gaming mouse as opposed to
a laser gaming mouse and yes I know
laser is technically an optical
technology but that's not what most
people mean when they say it they have
they've still achieved a 6400 dpi range
for this particular mouse which is very
high for an optical mouse so let's go
ahead and open it up now they did allude
to some economics tweaks and so in
addition to adding an upgraded sensor
they have also made some slight changes
to the shape of the mouse which does
retain its right-handed Gretsch so you
can see here this is not an ambidextrous
ambidextrous mouse alright so we made a
bit of a change to our tabletop here so
that you guys can really clearly see
what razor's changed about the Death
Adder 2013 so it is still a right-handed
shape but you can see it's more subtle
than many right-handed mice so there's
an indentation on this side you can see
the more pronounced curve there and then
when you flip around to the other side
you can see that it is a much less
pronounced curve and actually comes out
a little bit so while a lefty could put
their hand on the mouse the the their
index finger would sit too low and their
middle finger would sit too high and it
wouldn't quite be comfortable it is
shaped for the right-handed player now I
have sort of small ish hands especially
for male but I can palm this thing
perfectly and then I have probably a
little bit of ID looks like about a
centimeter of space left where
even if my fingers were bigger or if I
curved my fingers a little bit I could
have significantly larger hands while
being able to palm the mouse comfortably
now we've encountered gaming mice that
are a palm grip type Mouse but that are
so small that you end up clawing them
unless you have little tiny little kid
hands so that is not the case with the
Death Adder 2013 now an improvement that
they have made that I think is huge is
the addition of these rubber grips on
the side so that is an extremely grippy
rubber I don't know how to make that
point on film without just kind of
saying it guys it's awesome it has a
nice texture to it so that you can you
just by touching it lightly you'll be
able to pick up the mouse with a almost
no effort note by not exerting almost
any pressure on the mouse from the side
at all this is great because it frees
you up to have your mouse hand very
relaxed and your wrist relaxed not
causing any additional tension here but
still being able to lift when you get to
the edge of the mouse pad and there's
another one on the thumb side as well so
you can see that the way that they're
shaped is optimized for the fingers that
are intended to be pointed at them so
this one's a little bit lower a little
bit lower profile for the pinky and this
one's a little bit higher profile with
more of a curve in for the way that your
thumb would be positioned now Razer
calls the buttons on this mouse hyper
response buttons and I don't know if I
would call the mouse wheel click
particularly hyper responsive nor would
I call the front and back clicks
particularly hyper responsive because
they feel like normal buttons to me but
the left is the right click feel like
they're on a hair-trigger so I would say
yes those are definitely hyper
responsive optimized for extremely fast
button presses with almost no effort
whatsoever so what makes it optimized
for programming what's the difference
between a pro level product end and a
consumer grade product a lot of the time
it's well how many times is a pro going
to be pressing the button versus how
many times is the typical consumer going
to be pressing the button so booting up
a computer so that I can show you guys
the lighting effects but I want to show
you the bottom of the mouse as well so
they've got what they're calling their
ultra slick Mouse feet so you can see
there's one up at the top left one up at
the top right and then another one down
at the very bottom so Ray
doesn't give you any particular rating
for how long these are supposed to last
but it should be noted guys that it
actually doesn't matter if it was a huge
surface area along the bottom of the
mouse or a small one the coefficient of
friction would actually be the same
here's the 4G infrared sensor so
precision 6400 dpi many people don't use
DPI's above sort of the lower ranges but
having the flexibility to be able to
turn up your dpi and lower your mouse
sensitivity and turn off acceleration
allows you to really tune the mouse to
use it the way that you want to use it
so here's the here's what the lighting
effects looks like so you've got your
illuminated scroll wheel just like that
okay you've got your illuminated Razer
logo right here which apparently turned
itself off ah there we go so you can
configure it within synapse 2.0 the 2013
edition does work with synapse 2.0 which
takes all of your gaming profiles and
stores them in the cloud so you can use
them wherever you happen to be as long
as you log in it'll store your profiles
on a per game basis so you can map your
you can map your commands however you it
is that you want to do that I want to
just make sure I didn't really miss
anything here okay it does support
thousand Hertz ultra pooling which is
good on many gaming mice do that does
support on-the-fly sensitivity
adjustments and I think that pretty much
covers it for what they had to say for
themselves on the box itself I guess the
last thing is just to show you that it
is using a nice high quality braided
cable so hopefully now that we've
switched to a white tabletop you guys
are going to be able to see that alright
and thank you for checking out my
unboxing and first look at the Razer
DeathAdder 2013 which they didn't change
anything about what they did but they I
don't know whatever so looks to me like
the things they changed are good oh of
note now that I've actually got the
product out of the box because I had to
look at it before it was out of the box
it does say 2013 somewhere so there it
is 2013 is on the mouse itself even
though it wasn't on the outside of the
box don't forget subscribe to - tech
tips from our unboxings reviews and
other computer videos